add introduction section for ISC'22 tutorial (#90)
easybuilders/easybuild-tutorial: docs/2022-isc22/introduction.md

container tools ([Singularity](https://github.com/apptainer/singularity) and [Docker](https://www.docker.com)),
packaging tools ([FPM](https://fpm.readthedocs.io)), and so on.

---

### Focus points

EasyBuild was created specifically for **installing scientific software on HPC systems**,
which is reflected in some of the design choices that were made.

#### Performance

EasyBuild strongly prefers to **build software from source code**, whenever possible.

This is important to ensure that the binaries that are installed can maximally exploit
the capabilities of the system architecture on which the software will be run.

For that same reason, EasyBuild **optimizes software for the processor architecture of the build host**
by default, via compiler options like ``-march=native`` (GCC), ``-xHost`` (Intel compilers), etc.
This behaviour [can be changed via the ``--optarch`` configuration setting](https://docs.easybuild.io/en/latest/Controlling_compiler_optimization_flags.html).

#### Reproducibility

In addition to performance, **reproducibility of installations** is a core aspect of EasyBuild.

> Most software installations performed with EasyBuild use a **particular compiler <a href="#toolchains">toolchain</a>**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most software installations performed with EasyBuild use a **particular compiler [toolchain](terminology.md#toolchains)**,
```

Author: > I think these should work

@ocaisa Verified and fixed in 50d7f43

with which we aim to be in control over the build environment and avoid relying on tools and libraries
provided by the operating system. For similar reasons, we try to **provide all required dependencies through EasyBuild** as well,
with a few notable exceptions, like ``OpenSSL`` for security reasons, and Infiniband and GPU drivers which
are too closely intertwined with the operating system.

For both toolchains and dependencies, **fixed software versions** are specified in the

> <a href="#easyconfig-files">easyconfig files</a>. That way, easyconfig files can easily be shared with others:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[easyconfig files](terminology.md#easyconfig-files). That way, easyconfig files can easily be shared with others:
```
